# Terms & Conditions
Your license to the Credntia Application (the “Licensed Application”) is subject to your prior acceptance of this Licensed Application End User License Agreement, including the Licensed Application privacy statement, as updated from time to time, which is incorporated herein by reference (the “EULA”). The Licensed Application is licensed, not sold, to you. You agree that your downloading and/or use of the Licensed Application signifies your acceptance of all of the terms and conditions of this EULA. If you do not accept any of the terms and conditions of this EULA you may NOT download or use the Licensed Application. The license granted to you under this EULA is granted by Credntia LLC (f/k/a No I.D. LLC), the owner of the Licensed Application (“Licensor”). Licensor reserves all rights in and to the Licensed Application not expressly granted to you under this EULA. The terms of this EULA will govern any upgrades provided by Licensor that replace and/or supplement the original Licensed Application, unless such upgrade is accompanied by a separate end user license agreement or license in which case the terms of that end user license agreement or license will govern.

**1. License; Scope; Marks.** Licensor hereby grants you a limited, personal, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the Licensed Application on any Apple, Inc. (“Apple”) branded mobile device or on any other device that runs the Android operating system (“Android OS”) that you own or control. This license does not allow you to use the Licensed Application on any mobile device that you do not own or control, and you may not distribute or make the Licensed Application available over a network where it could be used by multiple devices at the same time. You may not rent, lease, lend, sell, redistribute or sublicense the Licensed Application. You may not copy (except as expressly permitted by this license and, in the case of any Apple-branded products, the Usage Rules (defined below)), decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, modify, or create derivative works of the Licensed Application, any updates, or any part thereof (except as and only to the extent any foregoing restriction is prohibited by applicable law or to the extent as may be permitted by the licensing terms governing use of any open sourced components included with the Licensed Application). Any attempt to do so is a violation of the rights of Licensor and its sublicensors. If you breach this restriction, you may be subject to prosecution and damages.
The Licensed Application may contain or use one or more trademarks and/or service marks of Licensor and third parties (the “Marks”). Licensor does not grant, and use of the Licensed Application does not convey, any rights to these Marks to you other than the right to have the Marks displayed in connection with your use of the Licensed Application pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof. You shall ensure that all Marks, notices or legends pertaining to the origin, identity or ownership of the Licensed Application remain intact, clearly legible and in their original form.

**2. Communications with You.** Licensor reserves the right to send email and messages through the Licensed Application messages to you to inform you of

a. changes or additions to the Licensed Application or this EULA,

b. violations of this EULA or actions relating to your privilege to access and use the Licensed Application, or

c. any other matter related to the Licensed Application or this EULA (including for marketing purposes). Nothing in this provision shall require or obligate Licensor to send any notice if no notice is required or mandated elsewhere in this EULA.

If applicable, you agree that Licensor may, but is not obligated to, monitor or record any of your telephone conversations and chat texts with Licensor for quality control purposes, for purposes of training Licensor employees and for Licensor’s own protection. You further agree that anyone else you authorize to use your account consents to such monitoring or recording as well. You acknowledge that not all telephone lines or calls are recorded by Licensor and that Licensor does not guarantee that recordings of any particular telephone calls will be retained or are capable of being retrieved.

**3. Account; Data.**
a. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your Licensed Application account, passwords and files, including your Data (defined below). You are solely responsible and liable for any activity that occurs under your account and Licensor shall not be responsible for the actions of any individuals who misuse or misappropriate your Data. You agree to notify Licensor immediately of any unauthorized use of your Licensed Application account or any other breach of security.

b. If you decide to share any information you input into the Licensed Application (including your personal financial information, licenses, passports, cards, health information and lists) (the “Data”) with a third party via the Licensed Application, you acknowledge that Licensor will make the Data available to such third party and you will have no access to or ability to delete the Data from such third party’s account once it has been shared.

c. The Licensed Application and its functions are provided for your convenience only. You are responsible for complying with all applicable state and federal regulations relating to or concerning your use of this Licensed Application, including without limitation all laws regulating the use or disclosure of personal financial, health, or other regulated private information; and the use or copying of licenses, passports, and other government-issued or identification documents; and any other regulations affecting or concerning the use of Data. By inputting or uploading Data to the Licensed Application, you represent and warrant that such input, upload, disclosure, or use is compliant with all applicable laws. Any breach of this warranty shall automatically terminate your license in and to the Licensed Application without further notice.

d. You agree that Licensor may collect and use technical data, software usage and functionality data and related information, including but not limited to information about your device, system, application software, peripherals, and the time, location and manner in which the Licensed Application is used. You are responsible for adjusting the settings of your device if you do not want to share location data with Licensor. Licensor may use and share with third parties this information in compliance with its privacy statement (including sharing your information with merchants in certain circumstances). Licensor may transfer all data you import or incorporate into the Licensed Application and may assign this EULA to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which Licensor participates or to a purchaser of all or substantially all of Licensor’s assets.

e. YOU AGREE TO RELEASE LICENSOR FROM ALL CLAIMS, DEMANDS, DAMAGES, LOSSES, LIABILITIES OF EVERY KIND, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, DIRECT AND CONTINGENT, DISCLOSED AND UNDISCLOSED, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE RELEASE OR USE OF SUCH INFORMATION BY THIRD PARTIES. IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU WAIVE CALIFORNIA COMMERCIAL CODE SECTIONÂ 1542, WHICH SAYS: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH, IF KNOWN BY HIM MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.” You acknowledge and understand that due to the inherent uncertainty in the use of the internet and information systems, and the potential for unlawful attacks by third parties, Licensor cannot guarantee that the use of its systems, websites, or applications will be completely safe or secure. Licensor may process and store your personal information at a facility in any country in which Licensor maintains or uses facilities or hosted services. Information may be subject to access by law enforcement or other governmental agencies pursuant to lawful orders or legal process. Any personal information you provide to Licensor may be subject to all applicable laws.

**4. Termination.** The license set forth in Section 1 is effective until terminated by you or Licensor. Your rights under the license set forth in Section 1 will terminate automatically without notice from Licensor if you fail to comply with any term(s) of this EULA. Upon termination of the license, you shall cease all use of the Licensed Application, and destroy all copies, full or partial, of the Licensed Application.

**5. Services; Third Party Materials.** The Licensed Application may enable access to Licensor’s and third party services and web sites, including third-party merchants and affiliated companies (collectively and individually, “Third Party Services”) and such services may display, include or make available content, data, information, applications or materials from third parties (“Third Party Materials”). By using the Third Party Services, you acknowledge and agree that Licensor is not responsible for examining or evaluating the content, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality or any other aspect of such Third Party Services or any Third Party Materials. Licensor does not warrant or endorse and does not assume and will not have any liability or responsibility to you or any other person for any Third Party Services or Third Party Materials or for any other materials, products, or services of third parties. Third Party Materials and links to Third Party Services are provided solely as a convenience to you.

Use of Third Party Services may require Internet access and that you accept additional terms of service. You agree to comply with applicable third party terms when using the Licensed Application.

Any financial information displayed by any Third Party Service is for general informational purposes only and is not intended to be relied upon as investment advice. Before executing any securities transaction based upon information obtained through such Third Party Service, you should consult with a financial professional. Location data provided by any Third Party Service is for basic navigational purposes only and is not intended to be relied upon in situations where precise location information is needed or where erroneous, inaccurate or incomplete location data may lead to death, personal injury, property or environmental damage. Use of real time route guidance is at your sole risk. Location data may not be accurate. Neither Licensor, nor any of its content providers, guarantees the availability, accuracy, completeness, reliability, or timeliness of stock information or location data displayed by any Third Party Service.

You understand that by using any of the Third Party Services, you may encounter content that may be deemed offensive, indecent, or objectionable, which content may or may not be identified as having explicit language, and that the results of any search or entering of a particular URL may automatically and unintentionally generate links or references to objectionable material. Nevertheless, you agree to use the Third Party Services at your sole risk and that Licensor shall not have any liability to you for content that may be found to be offensive, indecent, or objectionable.

You agree that any Third Party Service contains proprietary content, information and material that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws, including but not limited to copyright, and that you will not use such proprietary content, information or materials in any way whatsoever except for permitted use of the Third Party Services. No portion of the Third Party Services may be reproduced in any form or by any means. You agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, or create derivative works based on the Third Party Services, in any manner, and you shall not exploit the Third Party Services in any unauthorized way whatsoever, including but not limited to, using the Third Party Services to transmit any malware, or by trespass or burdening network capacity. You further agree not to use the Third Party Services in any manner to harass, abuse, stalk, threaten, defame or otherwise infringe or violate the rights of any other party, and that Licensor is not in any way responsible for any such use by you, nor for any harassing, threatening, defamatory, offensive, infringing or illegal messages or transmissions that you may receive as a result of using any Third Party Service.

In addition, Third Party Services and Third Party Materials that may be accessed from, displayed on or linked to or from the mobile device are not available in all languages or in all countries. Licensor makes no representation that such Third Party Services and Third Party Materials are appropriate or available for use in any particular location. To the extent you choose to access such Third Party Services or Third Party Materials, you do so at your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws, including but not limited to applicable local laws.

Licensor, and its sublicensors, reserve the right to change, suspend, remove, or disable access to any Third Party Services or Third Party Materials at any time without notice. In no event will Licensor be liable for the removal of or disabling of access to any such Third Party Services or Third Party Materials. Licensor may also impose limits on the use of or access to certain Third Party Services or Third Party Materials, in any case and without notice or liability.

Licensor is not responsible for examining or evaluating, and does not warrant or claim responsibility in any way, the products, services, offerings or business practices of any of these Third Party Services or the content of their web sites. You should carefully review their privacy statements and other conditions of use. Licensor has no control over the business practices of any third party, nor does it control in any way the quality, safety or legality of any business transaction that occurs as a result of your use of the Licensed Application.

**6. No Obligation to Support.** Licensor shall have no obligation to provide any maintenance or installation services of any kind, error corrections, bug fixes, patches, updates or other modifications hereunder. In the event that Licensor, in its sole discretion, provides updates, error corrections, bug fixes, patches or other modifications to the Licensed Application to you, it will be considered part of the Licensed Application, and subject to the terms and conditions of this EULA. In no event shall Apple, Android or any third party have any obligation to provide maintenance and support for the Licensed Application.

Support requests, as well as questions, complaints, or claims regarding the Licensed Application, may be directed to our support team, which you may contact by emailing [Email address]. Licensor’s corporate address is 921B 2nd Avenue North, Birmingham, AL 35203.

**7. Indemnification.** You hereby agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Licensor and Licensor’s business partners, third-party suppliers and providers, licensors, officers, directors, employees, distributors and agents from and against any damages, losses, liabilities, penalties, settlements and expenses (including without limitation costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees) in connection with any claim or action that
a. arises from any actual or alleged breach by you of this EULA;

b. arises from your use of any Third Party Service or Third Party Materials or sharing any Data with a third party; or

c. otherwise arises from or relates to your use of the Licensed Application. In addition, you acknowledge and agree that Licensor has the right to seek damages when you use the Licensed Application for unlawful purposes, in an unlawful manner, or in a manner inconsistent with the terms of this EULA, and that such damages may include, without limitation, direct, indirect, special, incidental, cover, reliance and/or consequential damages. In the event that Licensor is required to respond to a third party or law enforcement subpoena or court order that is related to your use of the Licensed Application, Licensor may, in its sole discretion, require you to reimburse Licensor for its reasonable expenses associated with complying with such subpoena or order.

**8. No Warranty; Release.** YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT USE OF THE LICENSED APPLICATION IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY AND EFFORT IS WITH YOU. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE LICENSED APPLICATION AND ANY SERVICES PERFORMED OR PROVIDED BY THE LICENSED APPLICATION (“LICENSED APPLICATION SERVICES”) ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”, WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND LICENSOR HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE LICENSED APPLICATION AND ANY LICENSED APPLICATION SERVICES, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY, OF QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND OF NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. LICENSOR DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE LICENSED APPLICATION, THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN, OR SERVICES PERFORMED OR PROVIDED BY, THE LICENSED APPLICATION WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE LICENSED APPLICATION OR LICENSED APPLICATION SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE LICENSED APPLICATION OR LICENSED APPLICATION SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY LICENSOR OR ITS AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY. SHOULD THE LICENSED APPLICATION OR SERVICES PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR LIMITATIONS ON APPLICABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS OF A CONSUMER, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, YOU RELEASE LICENSOR FROM ANY CLAIMS OR LIABILITY RELATED TO ANY PERSONAL DATA, MEMBERSHIP NUMBERS, ACCOUNT NUMBERS, PASSWORDS OR ANY OTHER INFORMATION YOU ENTER INTO THE LICENSED APPLICATION, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, CLAIMS OR LIABILITY RESULTING FROM DISCLOSURE OF SUCH INFORMATION, AND FROM ANY CLAIMS RELATED TO THE CONDUCT OF ANY MERCHANTS OR OTHER THIRD PARTIES. YOU HEREBY WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542 (IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT), AND ANY SIMILAR PROVISION IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION (IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF SUCH JURISDICTION).

**9. Limitation of Liability.** TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR BE LIABLE FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LICENSED APPLICATION, HOWEVER CAUSED, REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY (CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) AND EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR’S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES (OTHER THAN AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW IN CASES INVOLVING PERSONAL INJURY) EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF FIFTY DOLLARS ($50.00). THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY EVEN IF THE ABOVE STATED REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE

**10. Export Regulations.** You may not use or otherwise export or re-export the Licensed Application except as authorized by United States law and the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Licensed Application was obtained. In particular, but without limitation, the Licensed Application may not be exported or re-exported

a. into any U.S. embargoed countries or

b. to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Person’s List or Entity List. By using the Licensed Application, you represent and warrant that you are not located in any such country or on any such list. You also agree that you will not use these products for any purposes prohibited by United States law, including, without limitation, the development, design, manufacture or production of nuclear, missiles, or chemical or biological weapons.

**11. Commercial Items.** The Licensed Application and related documentation are “Commercial Items,” as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. Â§ 2.101, consisting of “Commercial Computer Software” and “Commercial Computer Software Documentation,” as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. Â§ 12.212 or 48 C.F.R. Â§ 227.7202, as applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. Â§ 12.212 or 48 C.F.R. Â§ 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being licensed to U.S. Government end users

a. only as Commercial Items and

b. with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein. Unpublished-rights reserved under the copyright laws of the United States.

**12. Miscellaneous.**
a. If any provision of this EULA is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this EULA will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
b. Licensor and you agree that this EULA is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the parties and supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to the subject matter of this EULA, and that all waivers and modifications must be in a writing signed by both parties, except as otherwise provided herein. No delay or omission by either party in exercising any right or remedy under this EULA or existing at law or equity shall be considered a waiver of such right or remedy.
c. The laws of the State of Alabama, excluding its conflicts of law rules, govern this EULA and your use of the Licensed Application. Your use of the Licensed Application may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws. All legal actions in connection with the EULA shall be brought in the state or federal courts located in Birmingham, Alabama.

**13. Additional Terms.** Subject to the other terms and conditions of this EULA, the following terms are applicable if you use the Licensed Application on any Apple brand mobile device:

a. This EULA is between you and Licensor only, and not with Apple. Licensor is solely responsible for the software.

b. Your use of the Licensed Application must comply with the Usage Rules set forth in the App Store Terms of Use and made available by Apple (the “Usage Rules”).

c. Apple shall not be responsible for addressing any claims made by you or any third party relating to the Licensed Application or your possession and/or use of the Licensed Application, including but not limited to

i. product liability claims,

ii. any claim that the Licensed Application fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement, or

iii. claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.

d. Apple shall not be responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement or discharge of any claim that the Licensed Application or your possession and use of the Licensed Application infringes a third party’s intellectual property rights.

e. In the event of any failure of the Licensed Application to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price for the Licensed Application to you and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Licensed Application.

f. Licensor and you acknowledge and agree that Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries, affiliates, successors and assigns, are third party beneficiaries of this EULA and that, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions hereof, such entities will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce the EULA against you as a third party beneficiary hereof.
